How do celebrities stay cool? They have many fans.
What's Forrest Gump's Facebook password? 1forest1.
What do you call it when Batman skips church? Christian Bale.
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.
Did you hear about the man who fell into an upholstery machine? He's fully recovered.
Why didn't the melons get married? Because they cantaloupe.
What kind of egg did the evil chicken lay? A deviled egg.
Why did the coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back.
What did the fisherman say to the magician? Pick a cod, any cod.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
Which is faster, hot or cold? Hot, because you can catch a cold.
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
Did you know that milk is the fastest liquid on earth? It's pasteurized before you even see it.
Why are skeletons so calm? Because nothing gets under their skin.
What did one ocean say to the other ocean? Nothing, they just waved.
What does a baby computer call his father? Data.
Did you hear about the power outlet who got into a fight with a power cord? He thought he could socket to him.
Why are elevator jokes so good? They work on so many levels.
Why can't a leopard hide? Because he's always spotted.
How do moths swim? Using the butterfly stroke.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? 10 tickles.
Do you know the story about the chicken that crossed the border? Me neither, I couldn't follow it.
I made a pencil with two erasers. It was pointless.
How do you make a Kleenex dance? Put a little boogie in it!
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk!
What do you call an illegally parked frog? Toad.
Where do baby cats learn to swim? The kitty pool.
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web.
How can a leopard change his spots? By moving.
It's inappropriate to make a 'dad joke' if you're not a dad. It's a faux pa.
Did you hear about the circus fire? It was in tents.
Can February March? No, but April May!
How can you tell it's a dogwood tree? From the bark.
How do lawyers say goodbye? We'll be suing ya!
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind—it's tearable.
What's the best way to watch a fly fishing tournament? Live stream.
I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy.
Don't trust atoms. They make up everything!
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.
What's an astronaut's favorite part of a computer? The space bar.
I like telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he laughs!
I told my girlfriend she drew her eyebrows too high. She seemed surprised.
Two clowns are eating a cannibal. One turns to the other and says, "I think we got this joke wrong".
What's the difference between in-laws and outlaws? Outlaws are wanted.
I bought my friend an elephant for his room. He said "Thanks". I said "Don't mention it".
My wife told me I had to stop acting like a flamingo. So I had to put my foot down.
I poured root beer in a square glass. Now I just have beer.
I have an EpiPen. My friend gave it to me when he was dying. It seemed very important
to him that I have it.
Why did the mushroom go to the party? Because he was a fungi.
What's the difference between a hippo an a zippo? One is really heavy and the other one is a little lighter.
And Good said to John, come forth and you shall be granted eternal life. But John came fifth and won a toaster.
How many opticians does it take to change a lightbulb? Is it one or two? One... or two?
What do we want?! Low flying airplane noises! When do we want them?! NNNEEEEEOOOOOOOOOWWWW
So what if I don't' want to know what Armageddon means? It's not the end of the world.
What do you call a Frenchman wearing sandals. Phillipe Phillope.
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
What do you call a dog hat does magic tricks? A labracadabrador.
How do you get two whales in a car? Start in England and drive west.
A blind man walks into a bar. And a table. And a chair.
Why did the old man fall in the well? Because he couldn't see that well.
This is my step ladder. I never knew my real ladder.
Why did the farmer win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
I bought the world's worst thesaurus yesterday. Not only is it terrible, it's terrible.
My friend asked me to help him round up his 37 sheep. I said "40".
I've found a job helping a one armed typist do capital letters. It's shift work.
I went bobsleighing the other day. I killed 250 bobs.
I have a heart of a lion and a lifetime ban from the Toronto zoo.
Wife says to her programmer husband, "Go to the store and buy a loaf of bread. If they have eggs, buy a dozen". Husband returns with 12 loaves of bread.
What did the pirate say when he turned 80 years old? Aye matey.
What do sea monsters eat? Fish and ships.
Communism jokes aren't funny unless everyone gets them.
What do the movies "Titanic" and "The Sixth Sense" have in common? Icy dead people.
Knock knock. Who's there? Dishes. Dishes who? Dishes Sean Connery.
Two men meet on opposite sides of a river. One shouts to the other "I need you to help me get to the other side!" The other guy replies "You are on the other side!"
Have you heard about those new corduroy pillows? They're making headlines.
I couldn't figure out why the baseball kept getting larger. Then it hit me.
A guy walks into a bar and orders a fruit punch. The bartender says "Pal, if you want a punch, you'll have to stand in line". The guy looks around, but there is no punch line.
Why did a picture go to jail? Because it was framed
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
People in Dubai don't like the Flinstones. But people in Abu Dhabi do!
My friends say there's a gay guy in our circle of friends... I really hope it's Todd, he's cute.
I've been told I'm condescending. That means I talk down to people.
How did the hipster burn his mouth? He ate the pizza before it was cool.
What's ET short for? He's only got little legs.
If you criticise someone, walk a mile in their shoes. That way, when you do criticise them, you're a mile away and have their shoes.
Why aren't koalas actually bears? They don't meet the koalafications.
It's hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs. They always take things literally.
I want to die peacefully in my sleep like my grandfather did. Not screaming in terror like the passengers in his car.
Some people think it's romantic to carve their names on trees in the park while on a date. I'm more worried about why they're bringing a knife on their date.
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto!
Did you hear the rumor about butter? I really shouldn’t be spreading it.
I just nicknamed my new phone “Titanic” so whenever it’s charging I can say “the Titanic is synching.”
A termite walks into a bar and asks, “Is the bar tender here?”
Did you hear about the circus fire? It was in tents!
“My daughter screeched, “Daaaaaad, you haven’t listened to one word I’ve said, have you!?” “What a strange way to start a conversation with me.”
I told my son I’m named after Thomas Jefferson. He says, But dad, your name is Brian. I respond, I know, but I was named AFTER Thomas Jefferson.
Why don’t oysters share their pearls? Because they’re shellfish.
The secret service isn’t allowed to yell “Get down!” anymore when the president is about to be attacked. Now they have to yell “Donald, duck!”
A woman is on trial for beating her husband to death with his guitar collection. Judge says, “First offender?” She says, “No, first a Gibson! Then a Fender.”
“I’ll call you later.” “Don’t call me later, call me Dad.”
“Why did the Clydesdale give the pony a glass of water? Because he was a little horse.”
My wife caught me standing on the bathroom scale, sucking in my stomach. Ha! That’s not going to help, she said. Sure, it does, I said. Its the only way I can see the numbers.
How do you make a Kleenex dance? Put a little boogie in it.
A dad died due to us not being able to remember his blood type. As he died, he kept insisting that we “be positive”, but it’s hard without him.
Don’t trust atoms. They make up everything!
I’ve got a great pizza joke for you. Nevermind, it’s too cheesy.
Do you want a box for leftovers?  No, but I’ll wrestle you for them.
WAITRESS: “Soup or salad?” DAD: “I don’t want a SUPER salad, I want a regular salad.
“What kind of shoes do ninjas wear? Sneak-ers.”
Did you hear about the guy who invented Lifesavers? They say he made a mint.
I stayed up all night wondering where the sun had gone. And then it dawned on me.
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere.
What do you call a fake noodle? An Impasta.
Did you hear that new band Plastic? They mostly wrap.
Want to hear a joke about construction? I’m still working on it.
Where do you go to learn to make banana splits? Sundae school.
Why did the math teacher call her student average? She was being mean.
What’s brown and sounds like a bell? Duunnnnnnng.
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? Supplies!!
Never kiss anyone on January 1st because it’s only the first date.
Why couldn’t the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.
5/4 of people admit that they’re bad with fractions.
What’s Ironman without the suit? Stark naked
If pronouncing my b’s as v’s makes me sound Russian, then Soviet.
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I’ll let you know.
As a lumberjack, I know that I’ve cut exactly 2,417 trees. I know because every time I cut one, I keep a log.
What happens if the average number of bullies at a school goes up? The mean increases.
A girl came up to me and said she recognized me from her vegetarian restaurant. I was a bit confused, I’d never met herbivore.
What did 0 say to 8? Nice belt.
My wife is furious at our next-door neighbor who sunbathes topless in her backyard. Personally, I’m on the fence.
I think it’s a great idea to wear two different deodorants, one under each armpit. But that’s just my two scents.
How do you throw a space party? You planet.
Why can’t towels can’t tell jokes? They have a dry sense of humor.
What is it called when you have too many aliens? Extraterrestrials.
Why can’t you take inventory in Afghanistan? Because of the tally ban.
I wanted to learn to drive a stick shift. Thing is, I couldn’t find a manual.
I tried to sue the airline for losing my luggage. I lost my case.
Will glass coffins be a success? Remains to be seen.
Who invented King Arthurs round table? Sir Cumference.
Why was King Arthurs army too tired to fight? All of those sleepless knights.
How do turtles communicate with each other? With shell phones.
A scarecrow says, “This job isn’t for everyone, but hay, it’s in my jeans.”
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? Hes all right now.
Sausage puns are the wurst.
What’s America’s favorite soda? Mini soda.
The Energizer bunny went to jail. He was charged with battery.
Do you know sign language? You should learn it, it’s pretty handy.
What do you do with a dead chemist? You barium.
What does a clock do when it’s hungry? It goes back for seconds.
How was Rome split in two? With a pair of Ceasars.
My leaf blower doesn’t work. It just sucks!
What did the drummer call his twin daughters? Anna one, Anna two!
How did Darth Vader know what Luke got him for Christmas? He felt his presents!
Did you hear about the chameleon who couldn't change color? He had a reptile dysfunction.
I wanted to go on a diet, but I feel like I have way too much on my plate right now.
Want to hear a joke about construction? I'm still working on it.
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1
What sound does a witches car make? Broom Broom
To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word!
What does a zombie vegetarian eat? “GRRRAAAIINS!”
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in there.
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeno business!
I tell dad jokes, but I don't have any kids. I'm a faux pa.
Whenever the cashier at the grocery store asks my dad if he would like the milk in a bag he replies, "No, just leave it in the carton!"
Two goldfish are in a tank. One says to the other, "do you know how to drive this thing?"
What’s that Nevada city where all the dentists visit? Floss Vegas.
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
You’re American when you go into the bathroom, and you’re American when you come out, but do you know what you are while you’re in there? European.
Why did the picture go to jail? Because it was framed.
What do you call a bear without any teeth? A gummy bear!
What do you call a hippie's wife? Mississippi.
The shovel was a ground-breaking invention.
Dad, can you put the cat out? I didn't know it was on fire.
Does anyone need an ark? I Noah guy!
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
5/4 of people admit that they’re bad with fractions.
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto.
I would avoid the sushi if I was you. It’s a little fishy.
To the man in the wheelchair that stole my camouflage jacket... You can hide but you can't run.
What do you call a fish with two knees? A two-knee fish!
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I was tripping all day!
The rotation of earth really makes my day.
I thought about going on an all-almond diet. But that's just nuts.
Did you know the first French fries weren't actually cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece.
I’ve never gone to a gun range before. I decided to give it a shot!
What's black and white and goes around and around? A penguin in a revolving door.
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they're so good at it.
My son screeched, "Daaaaaad, you haven't listened to one word I've said, have you!?" What a strange way to start a conversation with me...
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's fine, he woke up.
What did the caretaker say when they jumped out of the store cupboard? “Supplies!”
If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
A furniture store keeps calling me. All I wanted was one night stand.
I used to work in a shoe recycling shop. It was sole destroying.
Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip? I was heels over head.
My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction. So I packed up my stuff and right.
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere.
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent!
My friend keeps saying "cheer up man it could be worse, you could be stuck underground in a hole full of water." I know he means well.
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y!
I just watched a program about beavers. It was the best dam program I've ever seen.
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I’ll let you know.
How does a penguin build it's house? Igloos it together.
What did the fried rice say to the shrimp? Don't wok away from me. 
Dad, did you get a haircut? No, I got them all cut.
The secret service isn't allowed to yell "Get down!" anymore when the president is about to be attacked. Now they have to yell "Donald Duck!"
Two cannibals are eating a clown. One says to the other: “Does this taste funny to you?”
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
What do you call a man who can’t stand? Neil.
I’m thinking about removing my spine. I feel like it’s only holding me back.
Why don't skeletons ever go trick or treating? Because they have no body to go with.
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant.
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho Cheese.
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!
What did the grape do when he got stepped on? He let out a little wine.
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.
Why are cats bad storytellers? Because they only have one tale.
Why was the belt sent to jail? For holding up a pair of pants!
What do you call a baby monkey? A chimp off the old block.
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of a computer? The space bar.
Do you think glass coffins will be a success? Remains to be seen.
What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches? A nervous wreck.
What happens when a frogs car dies? He needs a jump. If that doesn't work he has to get it toad.
Did you hear about the scientist who was lab partners with a pot of boiling water? He had a very esteemed colleague. 
You're American when you go into the bathroom, and you're American when you come out, but do you know what you are while you're in there? European.
Want to hear a joke about a piece of paper? Never mind... it's tearable.
What musical instrument is found in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste.
I dreamt about drowning in an ocean made of orange soda. It took me a minute to realize it was just Fanta-sea.
Why did the Scottish man have plumbing issues? He only had bagpipes.
What do you call a mac ‘n’ cheese that gets all up in your face? Too close for comfort food!
My printer’s name is Bob Marley because it’s always Jammin’.
I talk to myself because sometimes I just need expert advice.
Two goldfish are in a tank. One says to the other, “Do you know how to drive this thing?
Don’t but anything made with Velcro. It’s a total rip-off.
Where do horses live? In neigh-borhoods.
I used to be addicted to the hokey pokey… but then I turned myself around.
I was wondering why this frisbee kept looking bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
What do you call a donkey with only three legs? A wonkey.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field!
What’s Michelle Obama’s favorite vegetable? Barack-oli.
To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word.
There is a fine line between numerator and denominator.
I tell dad jokes but I have no kids…I’m a faux pa.
What do you call a magic dog? A Labracadabrador.
What’s the most crunk place to go to the bathroom? The Lil’ Jon.
What are the strongest days of the week? Saturday and Sunday. The rest are weak-days.
What do sprinters eat before a race? Nothing, they fast!
If two vegans fight, is it still considered a beef?
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
How do lawyers say goodbye? We’ll be suing ya!
What did the plumber say to the singer? Nice pipes.
I’ve been bored recently so I’ve decided to take up fencing. The neighbors said they will call the police unless I put it back.
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
I invented a new word today: Plagiarism.
Do I enjoy making courthouse puns? Guilty.
Spring is here! I got so excited I wet my plants.
What did the shy pebble wish for? That he was a little boulder.
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere.
What did the fried rice say to the shrimp? Don’t wok away from me.
What do you call a fish with two knees? A two-knee fish!
I made a pencil with two erasers. It was pointless.
If the mushroom was such a fungi, why didn’t they have the party at his house? Because there wasn’t mushroom.
Why do ducks have tail feathers? To cover their buttquacks.
What did the grape do when he got stepped on? He let out a little wine.
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part about the computer? The space bar on the keyboard.
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in there.
I’m reading a book about anti-gravity and it’s impossible to put down.
If you ever get cold, just stand in a corner. They’re usually 90 degrees.
Why couldn’t the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.
Why do melons have weddings? They cantaloupe.
What do you call cheese that isn’t yours? Nacho Cheese.
What happens when you go to the bathroom in France? European.
What’s the difference between a poorly dressed man on a tricycle and a well-dressed man on a bicycle? Attire!
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them!
What does a cloud wear under his raincoat? Thunderwear.
Learning how to collect trash wasn’t hard. I just picked it up as I went along.
What did one eye say to the other eye? Between you and me, something smells.
Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I’m not going to spread it!
Did you hear the joke about the roof? Never mind, it’s over your head.
Did you hear about the guy who invented Lifesavers? They say he made a mint.
I’ve got a great joke about construction, but I’m still working on it.
What did the hat say to the hat rack? You stay here, I’ll go on ahead.
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they’re so good at it.
What do you call a dinosaur that crashes his car? Tyrannosaurus Wreck.
Why do vampires seem sick? They’re always coffin.
Why did the cookie go to the doctor’s office? He was feeling crummy.
How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together!
Why don’t eggs tell jokes? They’d crack each other up.
Why don’t oysters share their pearls? Because they’re shellfish.
Why did the old man fall in the well? Because he couldn’t see that well.
Did you hear the story about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just needed some space.
How did the barber win the race? He knew a short cut.
Why was the math textbook so sad? It had so many problems!
Why was the broom late for work? It overswept.
Can February March? No, but April May!
I decided to sell my vacuum cleaner—it was just gathering dust.
What kind of tea do you drink with the queen? Royal-tea.
“Dad, can you put the cat out?” “I didn’t know it was on fire.”
I could tell a joke about pizza, but it’s a little cheesy.
Why don’t skeletons ever go trick or treating? Because they have no body to go with.
What’s the best way to watch a fly fishing tournament? Live stream.
Why did the golfer wear two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one.
How do you get a squirrel to like you? Act like a nut.
Why did the invisible man turn down the job offer? He couldn’t see himself doing it.
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part about a computer? The space bar.
Want to hear a joke about construction? I’m still working on it…
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.
Why is a doctor always calm? Because they have a lot of patients.
What do you get when you cross a snowman and a vampire? Frost bite.
I like telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he laughs!
I used to work in a shoe-recycling shop. It was sole destroying.
My boss told me to have a good day. So I went home.
I’m so good at sleeping I can do it with my eyes closed.
I thought about going on an all-almond diet… But that’s just nuts.
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.
Why did the tomato blush? He saw the salad dressing.
What do you call an illegally parked frog? Toad.
My wife told me I had to stop acting like a flamingo. So I had to put my foot down!
Last year, I wrote a book on penguins. In retrospect, paper would have been easier.
So a vowel saves another vowel’s life. The other vowel says, “Aye E! I owe you!”
Why are spiders so smart? They can find out anything on the web.
My uncle named his dogs Rolex and Timex. They’re his watch dogs.
If you see a robbery at an Apple Store does that make you an iWitness?!
Five out of four people admit they’re bad with fractions.
Where do you learn all about ice cream? Sundae school.
What does a baby computer call his father? Data
Disappointed to find no expletives in the Gazette-Mail puzzles, since I was told there were “cross” words.
If we had a disease that would keep us from growing up, it would be a peter pandemic.
In this area, cars are never dirty. It’s an auto no-muss zone.
I’m masking everyone to take reasonable precautions.
Don’t know how to protest effectively? Let me demonstrate.
Honest elections are the Secretary of State’s primary concern.
If your bologna has a first name, you might be a cannibal.
Telecommuting has no traffic jams, yet ZOOM has gridlock.
FestivALL is now virtual. Parking has never been easier. There was a space in my garage.
Bill Lynch asked for something he could be for “One Month at a Time.” I suggested a calendar.
Dad: “What concert has tickets for just 45 cents?” Kid: “Dad ... don’t.” Dad: “50 Cent featuring Nickleback!”
Jon: What’s the difference between a high-hit baseball and a maggot’s father? Tom: What? Jon: One’s a pop fly. The other’s a fly pop.
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? There’s great food, but no atmosphere.
What did the grape do when he got stepped on? He let out a little wine.
I went to an antenna wedding. The ceremony was kinda boring, but the reception was great!
An invisible man married an invisible woman. The kids were nothing to look at either.
My wife dresses to kill. She cooks the same way.
Kid: Make me a sandwich! Dad: Poof, You’re a sandwich!
Kid: Can you put my shoes on? Dad: No, I don't think they'll fit me.
I just watched a program about beavers. It was the best dam program I've ever seen.
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in there.
I keep trying to lose weight, but it keeps finding me.
I thought about going on an all-almond diet. But that's just nuts.
Regular naps prevent old age, especially if you take them while driving.
I’m at an age when my back goes out more than I do.
My favorite exercise is a combination of a lunge and a crunch. It’s called lunch.
Standing in a park, I was wondering why a Frisbee gets larger the closer it gets. Then it hit me.
I was playing chess with my friend and he said: “Let’s make this interesting.” So we stopped playing chess.
There’s a fine line between fishing and standing on the shore looking like an idiot.
I have a step ladder. Obviously, it’s not my real ladder.
I like to keep my money in the freezer. That way I always have cold, hard cash.
The question isn't at what age I want to retire; it's at what income.
If you take away the looks, money, intelligence, charm, and success - there’s no real difference between me and George Clooney.
I won $3 million on the lottery this weekend, so I decided to donate a quarter of it to charity. Now I have $2,999,999.75.
My boss asked me who is the stupid one, me or him? I told him everyone knows he doesn't hire stupid people.
I was a bookkeeper for 10 years. The local library wasn't too happy about it.